Add nxtools to overview.md (#107316)
Azure/azure-content: articles/governance/machine-configuration/overview.md

Linux: `/var/lib/GuestConfig/Configuration`

### Opensource nxtools module functionality

A new opensource [nxtools module](https://github.com/azure/nxtools#getting-started) has been released with the purpose of making managing Linux systems easier for PowerShell users.

The module will help in managing common tasks such as:

-	User and group management
-	File system operations (changing mode, owner, listing, set/replace content)
-	Service management (start, stop, restart, remove, add)
- Archive operations (compress, extract)
-	Package Management (list, search, install, uninstall packages)

The module includes class-based DSC resources for Linux, as well as built-in Machine Configuration packages.

> To provide feedback on the above listed functionality, please open an issue on the documentation. We are currently NOT accepting PRs for this project, and support is best effort.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Open-source nxtools module functionality

A new open-source [nxtools module](https://github.com/azure/nxtools#getting-started) has been released to help make managing Linux systems easier for PowerShell users.

The module will help in managing common tasks such as these:

-	User and group management
-	File system operations (changing mode, owner, listing, set/replace content)
-	Service management (start, stop, restart, remove, add)
- Archive operations (compress, extract)
-	Package management (list, search, install, uninstall packages)

The module includes class-based DSC resources for Linux, as well as built-in machine-configuration packages.

To provide feedback about this functionality, open an issue on the documentation. We currently _don't_ accept PRs for this project, and support is best effort.
```
Minor edits for Microsoft style
